# 2016-08-18 Agenda

Previously

- [x] GJ: Will review the Quick Start video, come with ideas next week
- [x] TJ: Get video chat fix so people don't get booted

Topics

- Put Gavin's Ember Inspector on Guides?
- Algolia update - DB
- Firebase upgrade (from email LS got)

# Action Items 

- [ ] Gavin to pasted basic video outline before core meeting
- [ ] Leah to bring up video at next core meeting
- [ ] DB: pursue Firebase upgrade question
- [ ] DB: respond to welcome page feedback
- [ ] DB: review tutorial
- [ ] TJ: look at inspector video, ping locks to get Teddy to look at it.

# Minutes

## Attendees

- TJ: Todd Jordan @toddjordan
- DB: David Baker @acorncom
- LS: Leah Silber @wifette
- GJ: Gavin Joyce @gavinjoyce

## Notes

---

### Ember Inspector video

- GJ: Video is done (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laxMyrk9P10). Needs review before putting it out there
- TJ: Should we get Teddy to look at?

### Getting Started/Quick Start Video

- GJ: Started looking at this.  Have a basic plan.  GitHub browser
- GJ: To get design help from Intercom for a nice design.
- GJ: Plan to point to a real world usage at the end to show its scaling capability
- GJ: Partially intend it for a pitch for why you should choose Ember.
- DB: Since this is not a video of the quick start, we should introduce this video separately, like on its own page or the guides landing page.
- GJ: Maybe there are two videos to be done (getting started and quick started). Maybe the one I'm thinking of might be better on the home page, or on the initial guides page, since its partially a sell.
- LS: I have a list I go through with core each week; if you add it to that doc I can bring it up tomorrow and get thoughts on your plan.
- DB: Confirm, would like to get feedback on the video.
- GJ: I can create a basic outline tonight and stick it in the doc for Leah to bring up.
- LS: Great, just add a link before I get to tomorrow's meeting

### Core Feedback from last week's items

- LS: Permissions tool feedback: Would like a tool that syncs periodically, so it's not just one-off useful and the problem doesn't recurr.
- DB: There are security ramifications are concerning to me and the author of the tool.
- LS: Makes sense. I'll nudge Kris and Stef to post the concerns they mentioned last week as issues so you can reply and open a conversation about any security concerns.
- LS: On to the welcome page document: did anyone contact you (DB) about it?
- DB: Ed provided one comment. Have not yet responded.
- LS: I'll remind Godfrey, and make sure to reply to Ed. Would love to get this shipped and off the agenda ASAP.
- LS: I brought up moving the Website repo from the Core org to the Learning org. It's a logisitical change, not about changing any current authority or directing. Got the thumbs up from everyone, but there were some concerns about it being more complex than previous moves. We'll need to make a comprehensive plan to make sure we don't take anything down, to consider dependencies, etc.
- DB: I'm not sure about build stuff. I think that the other parts would be fine. I can manage the move when I get time, but it might be a little bit. Would like to move slowly.
- LS: No real rush, but we're good to go when we get to it.

### Firebase

- DB: Did you hear anything from firebase?
- LS:  Looks like she's offering us a discount (only $50/mo), but it used to be free.  Are there free alternatives we can move to instead?
- DB: I thought firebase was free so I'm confused.
- LS: Tom was initially involved, so maybe you can get more info out of him? I don't know much about it.
